CrUX September release updates (#3978)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/crux/api/index.md

Note: The values for each percentile are synthetically derived, it does not imply that any user actually experienced the value indicated, only that some percentage of users experienced a metric value that was less than the value given.
{% endAside %}

> #### Metric value types

Author: Demoted these so they are under the `Metric` heading. Downside of this, is that they no longer appear in the navigation menu:

<img width="205" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10931297/195068441-e1cdb08b-5660-4f5a-8e97-f2d959b8b96d.png">

WDYT?

Reviewer: SGTM

</tbody>
</table></div>

### Collection Period

> As of October 2022, the CrUX API contains a `collectionPeriod` object listing the `firstDate` and `endDate` included in the collection. An example is provided below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of October 2022, the CrUX API contains a `collectionPeriod` object with `firstDate` and `endDate` fields representing the beginning and end dates of the aggregation window. An example is provided below:
```

```json
    "collectionPeriod": {
      "firstDate": {
        "year": 2022,
        "month": 10,
        "day": 9
      },
      "lastDate": {
        "year": 2022,
        "month": 9,
        "day": 12
      }
    }
```

This allows better understanding of the data and whether it's been updated yet for that day or is returning the same data as yesterday.

> Note that CrUX is approximately 2 days behind today's date since it waits for completed data for the day, and there is some processing time involved before it is available in the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the CrUX API is approximately two days behind today's date since it waits for completed data for the day, and there is some processing time involved before it is available in the API.
```
